# PythonLab1

Use this for learning the findamenals of Python: https://docs.python-guide.org

`
The use of Python 3 is highly preferred over Python 2.
Be sure to determine that your computer is running Python 3.
`

And you can use this as well: https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/python3/
Stuff you should glance thru before you start..

1. Primitive Datatypes and Operators
2. Variables and Collections
3. Control Flow and Iterables
4. Functions
5. Modules
6. Classes

### Problem 1 - Sum of Fibonacci

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. 
By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, 
find the sum of the even-valued terms.

### Problem 2 - Counting Sundays

You are given the following information, but you may prefer to do some research for yourself.

1 Jan 1900 was a Monday.
Thirty days has September,
April, June and November.
All the rest have thirty-one,
Saving February alone,
Which has twenty-eight, rain or shine.
And on leap years, twenty-nine.
A leap year occurs on any year evenly divisible by 4, but not on a century unless it is divisible by 400.

How many Sundays fell on the first of the month during the twentieth century (1 Jan 1901 to 31 Dec 2000)?

### Problem 3 - Guessing Game

Write a guessing game where the user has to guess a secret number. 
After every guess the program tells the user whether their number was too large or too small. 
At the end the number of tries needed should be printed. 
It counts only as one try if they input the same number multiple times consecutively.

### Problem 4 - Lists...

* Write a function that returns the largest element in a list.
* Write function that reverses a list, preferably in place.
* Write a function that checks whether an element occurs in a list.
* Write a function that returns the elements on odd positions in a list.
* Write a function that computes the running total of a list.

here are a couple of python lists

`
 fruits = ['orange', 'apple', 'pear', 'banana', 'kiwi', 'apple', 'banana']
 stack = [3, 4, 5, 8, 13, 17, 35, 42]
 `
 
 ### Problem 5 - Calendar Print
 
Write a Python program to print the calendar of a given month and year. Take input from
either the command line or from user input.

Note : Use 'calendar' module.

### Problem 6 - Print Even Numbers

Write a Python program to print all even numbers from a given numbers list in the same order 
and stop the printing if any numbers that come after 237 in the sequence.
`
numbers = [    
    386, 462, 47, 418, 907, 344, 236, 375, 823, 566, 597, 978, 328, 615, 953, 345, 
    399, 162, 758, 219, 918, 237, 412, 566, 826, 248, 866, 950, 626, 949, 687, 217, 
    815, 67, 104, 58, 512, 24, 892, 894, 767, 553, 81, 379, 843, 831, 445, 742, 717, 
    958,743, 527
    ]
`

### Problem 7 - Print word frequencies.

Write a Python program to read in the file "longtext.txt" as
a string, convert the string to a list 
and then build a frequency table for every word in the list.

Print the 250 most frequent words.

### Problem 8 - Flask

create a directory for a web project and build a simple web app using the Flask web framework. keep it simple, student.
